[Connector API] Update docs filtering, configuration, delete, scheduling (#107842)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/connector/apis/update-connector-configuration-api.asciidoc

* To sync data using self-managed connectors, you need to deploy the {enterprise-search-ref}/build-connector.html[Elastic connector service] on your own infrastructure. This service runs automatically on Elastic Cloud for native connectors.
* The `connector_id` parameter should reference an existing connector.

> * To update configuration `values`, the connector `configuration` schema must be first registered by a running instance of Elastic connector service.

Reviewer: This could be clearer. I'd try to answer the question, _"what actions does a user have to do explicitly versus what is handled behind the scenes?"_. 

What does a user have to do before they can update the values? Do they just need to have the connector service running?

Author: > What does a user have to do before they can update the values? Do they just need to have the connector service running?

They need to have the configured service running:
- for native connectors the schema will be populated by the connector service automatically 
- for self-managed connectors, you need to populate `config.yml` and start the service, then schema will be populated automatically 

Do you think this-mini tutoriual deserves separate section on this page? I know users were confuser by this often

Reviewer: Same as similar response elsewhere, I think we're covered by saying you need to have the connector service running, we mightn't need to go into every detail

Reviewer: So I think we can delete this line

> * The configuration fields must be compatible with the specific connector configuration schema, refer to {enterprise-search-ref}/connectors-references.html[connectors references] to see supported configuration fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure configuration fields are compatible with the configuration schema for the third-party data source. Refer to the individual {enterprise-search-ref}/connectors-references.html[connectors references] to find these fields.
```

(Optional, object) Configuration values for the connector, represented as a mapping of configuration fields to their respective values within a registered schema.

`configuration`::

> (Optional, object) The configuration schema definition for the connector. The configuration field is a map where each key represents a specific configuration field name, and the value is a `ConnectorConfiguration` object. For connector management use `values` to pass config values, `configuration` object is used by Elastic connector service to register the connector configuration schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, object) The configuration schema definition for the connector. The configuration field is a map where each key represents a specific configuration field name, and the value is a `ConnectorConfiguration` object. For connector management use `values` to pass config values. The `configuration` object is used by the Elastic connector service to register the connector configuration schema.
```

[[update-connector-configuration-api-example]]
==== {api-examples-title}

> The following example configures the `sharepoint_online` connector, you can refer to supported configuration options in [Sharepoint Online connector documentation] or by inspecting registered schema in connector `configuration` field with <<get-connector-api>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures the `sharepoint_online` connector. Find the supported configuration options in the {enterprise-search-ref}/connectors-sharepoint-online.html[Sharepoint Online connector documentation] or by inspecting the schema in the connector's `configuration` field using the <<get-connector-api>>.
```

----

> An example to update a subset of configuration fields of the `sharepoint_online` connector. In this case other configuration values won't change. It can be useful if you want to e.g. just update the secret value for your connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're first setting up your connector you'll need to provide all required configuration details to start running syncs.
But you can also use this API to only update a subset of fields.
Here's an example that only updates the `secret_value` field for a `sharepoint_online` connector.
The other configuration values won't change.
```
